hey everyone so this is the look that
we're going for today I really hope you
guys like it and if you guys want to
find out how to get this look at this
keep watching I'm going to be using my
eyeshadow base in special coverage and
I'm just going to go ahead and apply
that all over the lid then I'm going
with this bitched up cosmetics cosmetics
tower sit and I'm going to be using that
bold color and that's the one I'm going
to apply on the center of my lid from
there going with the bitch left
cosmetics rainbow palette and I'm just
going to use the black color and I'm
just going to apply that in my outer V
and my inner corner of my life from
there I'm going with this fluffy brush
and I'm just going to blend that black
eyeshadow out just a little bit so it
doesn't look that harsh
from there going with my mac cosmetics
Amber Rose blush and I'm just going to
be using that to blend out the dark the
darkness of the black just to kind of
smoke it out a little bit I'm going back
with the same fluffy brush and I'm just
blending everything out and adding a
little bit more of that black just to
intensify the look point back with the
rainbow palette i'm using the white
matte eyeshadow and i'll just apply that
on my problem going back with the same
brush i used to apply Amber Rose I'm
just going back and blending more color
in going back with the gold color I'm
just applying that in my lower lash line
and I'm just applying maybe halfway
through my bottom lash line
going back with the amber rose and just
applying that on the outer corner of my
bottom lash line and then I'm just going
to go ahead and blend that out and this
should be the final look I really hope
you guys like it and thanks for watching
guys I love you all and I'll put all the
information on the lashes and everything
that I applied love you all